add bens quarterly goal (#16755)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/teams/support/objectives.mdx

**Objective:** Make initial improvements to account impersonation, making switching between impersonated users within the same organization easier. We will also investigate what improvements and enhancements can be made to make impersonation easier when answering customer queries via conversations.

##### 2.5 Improve customer and agent UX in Conversations

**Owner:** <TeamMember name="Ben Lea" photo />

> **Objective:** As we looking at the move from Zendesk to Conversations, drive UX improvements on the surfaces support engineers and customers spend the most time in — inbox and SME views, ticket context, reply composition etc. We'll know this is working when the engineers are comfortable working in conversations and our customers are getting a better experience raising tickets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Objective:** As we looking at the move from Zendesk to Conversations, drive improvements in the ways that support engineers and customers interact most with the product — including inbox and SME views, ticket context, reply composition, access via MCP etc. We'll know this is working when the engineers are comfortable working in conversations and our customers are getting a better experience raising and responding to tickets. 
```
